Added k-nn user guide and samples. (#449)
opensearch-project/opensearch-py: guides/plugins/knn.md

- [k-NN Plugin](#k-nn-plugin)
  - [Basic Approximate k-NN](#basic-approximate-k-nn)
    - [Create an Index](#create-an-index)
    - [Index Vectors](#index-vectors)
    - [Search for Nearest Neighbors](#search-for-nearest-neighbors)
  - [Approximate k-NN with a Boolean Filter](#approximate-k-nn-with-a-boolean-filter)

>   - [Approximate k-NN with a Lucene Filter](#approximate-k-nn-with-a-lucene-filter)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - [Approximate k-NN with an Efficient Filter](#approximate-k-nn-with-an-efficient-filter)
```

```

### Create an Index

```python
dimensions = 5
client.indices.create(index_name, 
    body={
        "settings":{
            "index.knn": True
        },
        "mappings":{
            "properties": {
                "values": {
                    "type": "knn_vector", 
                    "dimension": dimensions
                },
            }
        }
    }
)
```

### Index Vectors

Create 10 random vectors and insert them using the bulk API.

```python
vectors = []
for i in range(10):
    vec = []
    for j in range(dimensions): 
        vec.append(round(random.uniform(0, 1), 2)) 
  
    vectors.append({
        "_index": index_name,
        "_id": i,
        "values": vec,
    })

helpers.bulk(client, vectors)

client.indices.refresh(index=index_name)
```

### Search for Nearest Neighbors

Create a random vector of the same size and search for its nearest neighbors.

```python
vec = []
for j in range(dimensions): 
    vec.append(round(random.uniform(0, 1), 2)) 

search_query = {
    "query": {
        "knn": {
            "values": {
                "vector": vec, 
                "k": 3
            }
        }
    }
}

> results = client.search(index=index_name, body=search_query)

Reviewer 2: can we add that if we disable the _source field than it helps in reducing the latency of the search.

Author: we could, but feels like that's a very narrow use-case where I don't actually have any additional data and only want the ID, no?

for hit in results["hits"]["hits"]:
    print(hit)
```

## Approximate k-NN with a Boolean Filter

In [the boolean-filter.py sample](../../samples/knn/knn-boolean-filter.py) we create a 5-dimensional k-NN index with random data and a `metadata` field that contains a book genre (e.g. `fiction`). The search query is a k-NN search filtered by genre. The filter clause is outside the k-NN query clause and is applied after the k-NN search.

```bash
$ poetry run knn/knn-boolean-filter.py 

Searching for [0.08, 0.42, 0.04, 0.76, 0.41] with the 'romance' genre ...

{'_index': 'my-index', '_id': '445', '_score': 0.95886475, '_source': {'values': [0.2, 0.54, 0.08, 0.87, 0.43], 'metadata': {'genre': 'romance'}}}
{'_index': 'my-index', '_id': '2816', '_score': 0.95256233, '_source': {'values': [0.22, 0.36, 0.01, 0.75, 0.57], 'metadata': {'genre': 'romance'}}}
```

> ## Approximate k-NN with a Lucene Filter

Reviewer 2: I know we named it Lucene Filters, but its actually Efficient Filters. We recently changed this in the documentation.

Reviewer 2: https://opensearch.org/docs/latest/search-plugins/knn/filter-search-knn/
